Prefixes modify an skill trigger conditions or apply a multiplier to the X.
If an skill with an after round effect has no prefix, it will trigger if the player wins the round, unless stated otherwise.
Multiple prefixes can be applied to the same skill.

Backlash: 
An skill with this prefix has a negative effect, and will apply to the card's owner if the round is won.

Brawl: 
Multiplies the X skill's value by how many cards belong to the same clan as the opposing card on the enemy hand, including that card.

Confidence: 
This skill can only be used if the previous round was won. If the previous round was lost, or is the first round, this skill is canceled.

Courage: 
This skill can only be used if the player has initiative. If the player does not have initiative, this skill is cancelled.

Defeat: 
This skill will trigger if the player loses the round.

Degrowth: 
Multiply the X skill's value by how many rounds are left including the current round.

Equalizer: 
Multiply the X skill's value by the level of the opposing card.

Growth: 
Multiply the X skill's value by the number of rounds played plus the current round.

Killshot: 
This skill will trigger if the final attack value of this card is equal or greater to double the opponent's attack final value.

Reprisal: 
This skill can only be used if the player does not have initiative. If the player have initiative, this skill is cancelled.

Revenge: 
This skill can only be used if the previous round was lost. If the previous round was won, or is the first round, this skill is canceled.

Stop: 
This ability will only activate if the opponent uses "Stop Ability". This bonus will only activate if the opponent uses "Stop Bonus"

Support: 
Multiplies the X skill's value by how many cards belong to the same clan as the current card on your hand, including this card.

VictoryOrDefeat: 
This effect triggers regardless who wins the round.

Day/Night: 
This prefix is an exception to normal prefixes. An ability or bonus (Ghostown clan) with this prefix will have a day skill, and a night skill. Any correlation between both versions is pure coincidence. The server's game switch between day and night cycle every 4 hours. The current cycle when the combat begins determines which skill the card has.
